[Music]
hi Bill Hader I hate making fun of Billy
so sweet and gentle and I used to date
his brother Jew hater
Natasha Leggero everybody Natasha
so much this is Natasha's first roast
you guys she's like a little chihuahua
cuz she's teeny-tiny and she's feisty
and she's filled with Mexican DNA just
to be clear when I say filled with
Mexican DNA
I mean she's filled with the of
Mexican people like from tons of Mexican
gentleman coming inside her vast vagina
and also from her guzzling I just
didn't want there to be a
misunderstanding
speaking of brownish people Aziz Ansari
is here I have been a huge supporter of
Aziz for years and for only the price of
a cup of coffee
by the way as these can't stay all night
he's got to get back in the cupboard
tonight is about our man of the hour mr.
James Edward Franco sitting to my right
James is openly a very sexual person I
don't think James is necessarily gay or
straight I think he just he literally
can't open his eyes enough to see who
he's
[Applause]
you